So what I wanna do now is just I
want to as the other part of DevOps,
take this, and
build something out of it that actually
shows us how we get to what we need.
So to do that, [LAUGH] we're gonna have
to basically go to the command line, and
this is where we get to
start working [LAUGH].
So there's gonna be a couple of things
that I wanna kinda start with here,
and the first one is just
going to be a directory,
a place where I can put all of this.
Now I'm in a folder right
now in a repository,
where I have all of my slides and
everything like that.
But inside of this,
I have now created two new directories.
My first directory I'm calling
service directory, and
the second one I'm calling
service templates.
Don't worry about service templates,
we'll get to that in a second, but
let's focus on service directory.
Just out of curiosity by the name itself,
can anyone maybe give me
an idea of what this might do?
We talked about needing a way of
standardizing services, so that we have
the ability of giving off-shelf
solutions to front-ends and back-ends.
And if we're talking about a directory,
what we're talking about is,
is a location where we can
configure everything in one space,
and then those things will get deployed
throughout all of our infrastructure.
And so we call this a service directory.
Now, for anyone from my company
watching this, it's a generic term, so
don't get mad at me [LAUGH].
But it is, this is literally what
I use at my current job at Hippo.
We have a centralized place where
we tell developers you go here,
you add what you want, and
then it will be deployed for you.
And as a matter of fact,
that's another big
thing we need to add to this is,
we need a way for
developers, not DevOps,
to create cloud resources.
No more asking for
buckets in Slack.
If this happens, you tell them no [LAUGH].
The main reason for that is this,
because we have opinions around
this specific thing, right?
Our front-ends are to get a bucket,
I need a bucket.
Friend has already got one,
don't worry about it.
I need two buckets, why?
Right?
That's the kind of conversations
we wanna be able to have.
So, first thing I'm gonna
need all of you guys to do is
basically just create a directory.
Just create a directory where we
can kind of start working, and
start putting all of our files.
One other thing is we will need node,
so we will need Node.js,
does everyone here have
node on their computers?
All good, cool.
Okay.
The next thing that you
might not have is a Pulumi.
And it's actually very easy to get started
with, let me go to the documentation here,
but we are gonna use Pulumi for automation
and i will explain why in a second here.
But, if you can, where's the, there's
like a downloading of the CLI tool,
I don't know why I don't have it.
I'll just google, download CLI.
Here we go.
Cool.
So, if you can, do me a favor and
download the Pulumi CLI
onto your computer please.
We will need this, because we are going
to make one basic opinionation
which is that we're gonna use Pulumi for
automation.
So yeah, the easiest way to do that is
just go to pulumi.com, forward slash docs,
forward slash reference,
forward slash CLI.
And then you can download and install it.
If you have Brew,
you can just do Brew install Pulumi,
you can also download
the binary if you want.
I would recommend if you're using
Brew just to do it the Brew way,
that's pretty easy.
All right, so, while that's downloading,
let's talk really quickly about Pulumi,
and kind of what it is,
and why we're using it.
So Pulumi is basically automation
software just like Terraform,
or anything similar to it that
you might have heard before.
The reason why we are using
Pulumi instead of something like
Terraform is mostly because
of what we said right here.
We need simple interfaces that allow us
to pull off off-the-shelf deployments for
a specific service type, right?
So what we literally wanna do
is we literally wanna use code
to describe what these
interfaces are gonna look like.
Just like a function or a object of
some sort with parameters, right?
Because what we want to do is this, we
want to give the developers that interface
to work with, and
only that interface to work with.
So that when they come in here to add a
new front-end, it can easily be done, and
we don't have to worry about it.
They'll use the interfaces
that we decide to them, and
then they can just add their
block of code that they need to.
So, Terraform can do this,
I'm not saying that it can't.
We actually do this at Hippo with
Terraform, except for, one of the reasons
why I like Pulumi is that it includes
all of it because it's a language.
If you were to do this with
something like Terraform,
you'd find yourself in a scenario where
you have to do a lot of auto-generation,
because Terraform is
not really a language.
It's a DSL or
a Domain Specific Language, and
so there are things that you just
can't achieve with it, right?
We want to lean on a generic
language to be able to start
creating these interfaces that we need.
So we're gonna do that, and you might need
to do one other thing, which is you might
need to do an npm install -g for
typescript, and then I believe it's tsc.
So make sure that you do run that as
well so that you do have typescript,
because we are technically
using typescript here.